So in the last lecture we had a look at this subject and this might be a very helpful tool for creating
this wealth.
Cross-compiling communication or your own event dimeter basically since you can trigger it from anywhere
in your code and subscribe to it from anywhere in your code.
Now let's have a look at some of the operators are X shares office you can find a list of all operators
in official documentation here any observable part.
If you scroll down below all the creation methods you'll find even more operators a bit too many to
go through them all.
What are operators.
The cool thing about our X chasers.
These operators allow you to transform the data you receive to something else and still stay inside
the observable world.
Let me show you what I mean in the home component here where I subscribe to my numbers.
I could also change a operator and I'm just going into a new line that it's easier to read.
So there's a change to the observable interval method.
The operators can be used on any observable.
You just have to make sure that you import are extraneous are X to unlock them.
So here I can now add mabbe for example.
Now what does the map operator do.
Maps simply maps the data you get back into a new observable with any transformations of your choice
so map takes a function as an argument in this function.
We will get the data.
In this case a number as we know and then it should return the transformed data.
So maybe we want to return and return statement as important to your data.
Times 2 to simply return.
Well double the number.
This is all.
Now this is all stored in my numbers since.
Again does this change your observable interval.
So the overall observable was configured to now all the map all the data into something else are actually
asked behind the scenes.
We'll turn this into a new way of survival.
So our subscription you're still works.
And if we now go back to the application to the home page you'll see that we locked to 4 and so on.
So always double the original number.
Very very useful.
And again there are a lot of absorbable operators feel free to play around with them.